README.md, before:

# Scala Koans

This is a custom version of the [Scala Koans](http://scalakoans.webfactional.com/) test suite.     

The versions of scala and scalatest that they use are a little outdated. This project uses 
the more current versions of those, and removes all the custom bootstrap code that 
is now incompatible and unnecessary (IMHO) for running the tests.

## Getting Started
To get started (and assuming you have sbt installed), open a terminal to the root of this project and run:
    
    sbt test
    
Alternatively, if you use a decent IDE (Intellij IDEA), you should be able to import the project 
by pointing its import wizard at *build.sbt*.  Once imported, you should just be able to right click
the *src/tests* folder, and select the *run* option.


## License

This is essentially the same code from the Scala Koans project, 
so [their license](http://scalakoans.webfactional.com/license) is this project's 
license - the  
[Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-NC-SA 3.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/)

Commit message:

Add to README that more koans have been added

README.md, after:

# Scala Koans

This is a custom version of the [Scala Koans](http://scalakoans.webfactional.com/) test suite.     

The versions of scala and scalatest that they use are a little outdated. This project uses 
the more current versions of those, and removes all the custom bootstrap code that 
is now incompatible and unnecessary (IMHO) for running the tests.

Some more koans have been added so maybe do you prefer this koans for that reason too.

## Getting Started
To get started (and assuming you have sbt installed), open a terminal to the root of this project and run:
    
    sbt test
    
Alternatively, if you use a decent IDE (Intellij IDEA), you should be able to import the project 
by pointing its import wizard at *build.sbt*.  Once imported, you should just be able to right click
the *src/tests* folder, and select the *run* option.


## License

This is essentially the same code from the Scala Koans project, 
so [their license](http://scalakoans.webfactional.com/license) is this project's 
license - the  
[Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported (CC BY-NC-SA 3.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/)
